1. In Python, what is the difference between a built-in function and a user-defined function? Provide an
example of each.
Ans. 
    * Built-in function are pre-defined functions. which are already given by the interpreter. like: len, max, count, print etc.
    * user-defined functions are defined by Users. User creates function per their requirements. l
        like: We can create a duplicate function of 'range() function' 
2. How can you pass arguments to a function in Python? Explain the difference between positional
arguments and keyword arguments.

Ans.  We have to use arguments veriable after creating the name of function.
      * Positional argument: We use single asterisk(*) before argument veriable. By this we can use unlimited data values while calling
        function

      * keyword arguments: We use Double asterisk(**) before argument veriable. By this we can use unlimited key-value pair data values 
        while calling function.
3. What is the purpose of the return statement in a function? Can a function have multiple return statements? Explain with an example.

Ans.   Return statement is used in a function to specify the value that function will produce after execution.
      * A function can have multiple return statement but When the function encounters a return statement, it immediately stops executing
        , exits the function and returns the value.
      * Example: this max function has two return statements, but only one of them will get executed based on the condition.
                  def max(a, b):
                      if a > b:
                          return a
                      else:
                          return b
                  
                  # Function call
                  result = max(10, 7)

   
4. What are lambda functions in Python? How are they different from regular functions? Provide an example where a lambda function 
can be useful.
Ans.  lamda function is a compact method to create a funtion. basically it is inline function often used for short and simple conditions.
      *Syntax: lambda arguments: expression
      *Example: 
               # Regular function to add two numbers
               def add(x, y):
                   return x + y
               
               # Equivalent lambda function to add two numbers
               add_lambda = lambda x, y: x + y
               
               # Using both the regular function and the lambda function
               result1 = add(5, 10)
               result2 = add_lambda(5, 10)
               
               print( result1)
               print( result2)

5. How does the concept of "scope" apply to functions in Python? Explain the difference between local
scope and global scope.

Ans. 
6. How can you use the "return" statement in a Python function to return multiple values?
7. What is the difference between the "pass by value" and "pass by reference" concepts when it
comes to function arguments in Python?
8. Create a function that can intake integer or decimal value and do following operations:
a. Logarithmic function (log x)
b. Exponential function (exp(x))
c. Power function with base 2 (2
x
)

d. Square root
9. Create a function that takes a full name as an argument and returns first name and last name.
